The princess still cares about the prince,
Do you want Nubi to find me?
Need not. I didn't want to.
It’s not too early, the prince’s matter has not come yet,
Probably not coming. The princess should go to bed first.
Lin Lang, please explain, what is this?
Do I still need to explain when it’s obvious?
This has been said since ancient times during the cultivation period.
The same goes for Xiufu. If you say yes,
This king has violated any of the instructions given by Qi, you must cultivate your husband.
All things must be said according to the rules. If you can't say it,
I, the king, do not recognize you as a cultivator. There is no such ancient person to let the loser go
There are three big ones
Nothing is greater than you and me
Then I will let you see it today
Can I do it? Yun Linlong
I tell you
You are my king's man
Even if you are thinking of someone else
This is also the human heart of this king.